My goal since 2021, has been to work in a company with a stable long-term outlook, a modern work culture, a good work-life balance, and one which gives me international exposure. I believe that SAP SE has all of these qualities. I want to work for SAP, because it welcomes hard-working foreigners like me, values their talent, and provides an environment in which they can succeed. I am excited about SAP, because it is best-placed to benefit from the opportunities, created by Deutschland’s digital transformation. 
For several months now, I have been collecting information about the B.Sc. New Study - Computer Science program, with the intention of applying to SAP. I first read about it in 2023. I came to know about the inspiring journey of Yasaman Pandand, a VT student who opted to pursue this Dual Study program at SAP, despite already possessing a Bachelor degree in Computer Science. I could relate to her, as I too will have finished a Bachelor degree in Computer Science by 20th April 2025, before the program commences on 1st September, 2025. I have also observed the journey of Atai Mamytov, a SAP VT student who already had 2 Bachelor degrees, before starting New Study. I heeded Mr. Mamytov’s advice to complete HackerRank certifications, in order to impress SAP. Accordingly, I obtained 2 certifications this year. I got in touch with Prof. Dr. Kay Berkling (from DHBW Karlsruhe) in March 2024 about the program, and she encouraged me to improve my proficiency in Deutsch. I took her advice, and successfully obtained Goethe Institut’s A1 level certification in Deutsch, in August 2024. I continue to learn Deutsch, with the intention of attaining CEFR A2 level by April 2025, and CEFR B1 level by December 2025.
In 2021, I decided to switch my career to Information Technology. I am currently a final-year Bachelor degree student of Computer Science and Engineering at Gayatri Vidya Parishad College, Andhra University. Although I came to know about New Study in 2023, I didn’t apply to SAP back then, because I wanted to finish my current studies first. I consider myself a polymath, with strong academic performance and good communication skills. I have a high-school diploma with an average German equivalent grade of 1.35. I fulfill the admission requirements of DHBW, and I am willing to learn online. I am good at programming, and problem-solving. I have solid experience programming in Python, including automation tasks. I can write complex SQL queries, and deploy Database servers. I have also started improving my proficiency in Java. I have excellent writing and speaking skills in the English language. My English proficiency is at the CEFR C1-C2 (Advanced) level, as certified by both the IELTS and TOEFL exams. I have a decent knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithms. I have basic experience in deploying cloud servers, and I am very interested in pursuing cloud certifications. This year, I completed a 2-month summer internship at Openenvoy Labs Private Limited, where I developed a backend API using FastAPI and Python.
In my earlier jobs and my current studies, I have developed skills and expertise that are required for SAP’s Business A.I. project. I have experience working in teams and possess strong time-management skills, always emphasizing the importance of planning before beginning any task. My greatest strength is my patience. I remain composed under pressure, never lose my temper, and maintain control in challenging situations. I believe this quality will be a valuable asset to SAP. I am hardworking, and eager to contribute to SAP's AI and Cloud strategy. I would be thrilled to join SAP, and would appreciate the opportunity to further discuss how my skills can benefit your company.
